[PUBLISH: 2/5] update limits value (#15728)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/query-your-data/explore-query-data/use-charts/use-your-charts.mdx

    title="Bar charts, pie charts, and tables"
  >

>   If the number of [facets](/docs/query-your-data/explore-query-data/dashboards/filter-new-relic-one-dashboards-facets) on a query is larger than 5000 for bar charts, pie charts, or tables, the **Other groups** facet aggregates the rest of the facets. This customization allows you to have the **Other groups** option visible or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If the number of [facets](/docs/query-your-data/explore-query-data/dashboards/filter-new-relic-one-dashboards-facets) on a query is larger than 5,000 for bar charts, pie charts, or tables, the **Other groups** facet aggregates the rest of the facets. This customization allows you to have the **Other groups** option visible or not.
```

>   If the number of [facets](/docs/query-your-data/explore-query-data/dashboards/filter-new-relic-one-dashboards-facets) on a query is larger than 5,000 for bar charts, pie charts, or tables, the **Other groups** facet aggregates the rest of the facets. This customization allows you to have the **Other groups** option visible or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If the number of [facets](/docs/query-your-data/explore-query-data/dashboards/filter-new-relic-one-dashboards-facets) on a query is larger than 5000 for bar charts, pie charts, or tables, the **Other groups** facet aggregates the rest of the facets. This customization allows you to have the **Other groups** option visible or not.
```
